---
title: Huawei P30 Pro
date: 2019-02-20 12:10:07 Z
categories: MobilePhones
layout: post
feature-img: "/assets/images/huawei-p30-pro-apps.jpg"
---

Compared with the Mate 20 Pro, the P30 Pro's handling of color is slightly less subtle, with skin tones appearing a little richer and fluorescent lights glowing with more aplomb. But the Mate 20 Pro shows a smidge more detail and texture in images.

The P30 Pro has a Kirin 980 processor, 8GB of RAM, and 128GB, 256GB, or 512GB of storage. Performance is fantastic, as you would expect from a high-end Android flagship.

Battery life is excellent, thanks to a huge 4,200mAh cell that powers the phone all day with ease and, if you're conservative, will last you through the night and into the next morning. There's also the same back-to-back charging ability that was introduced on the Mate 20 Pro, so you can boost your friend's battery should they run out of juice.

For video, the P30 Pro is capable of recording up to 4K footage and has several filters such as AI Color, Background Blur (a sort of moving bokeh effect), and Vintage. The most interesting feature, however, is the Dual View mode that captures a wider angle and a close-up of your subject simultaneously. While we haven't tested it yet—Huawei says it's coming in a future update—it's something smartphone-focused videographers will definitely want to pay close attention to.

The P30 Pro is a very good phone with an extraordinary camera. After the minimal upgrades Apple and Samsung made with their most recent devices, it's refreshing to see Huawei taking a bold step forward in the photography department. It's just a shame the states won't see it.